README.md, before:

# Arduino dark theme

* Uses Arduino **built-in theme mechanism**
* SVG icons

## Install

Download https://github.com/taunoe/arduino-dark-theme/raw/master/tauno-dark-theme.zip

Find your Arduino **Sketchbook location**: Arduino IDE > File > Preferences

![Arduino Sketchbook location](https://github.com/taunoe/arduino-dark-theme/blob/master/screenshots/arduino_preference_red.png)

In my case /home/tauno/Arduino

Go to that location and make new foler **theme**

In my case /home/tauno/Arduino/theme

Copy downloaded **tauno-dark-theme.zip** to theme folder.

Open Arduino IDE > File > Preferences and select new theme:

![Arduino Sketchbook location](https://github.com/taunoe/arduino-dark-theme/blob/master/screenshots/theme-selection.png)

Restart Arduino IDE and have fun.

## Screenshots

I have changed UI colors, icons and syntax color.

Ubuntu 18.04

![Arduino dark theme on Ubuntu 18.04](https://github.com/taunoe/arduino-dark-theme/blob/master/screenshots/arduino%20dark%20theme%20on%20ubuntu%2018.04.png)

Ubuntu 18.10

![Arduino dark theme on Ubuntu 18.10](https://github.com/taunoe/arduino-dark-theme/blob/master/screenshots/arduino_dark_theme_on_ubuntu_18.10.png)

Windows 10

![Arduino dark theme on Windows 10](https://github.com/taunoe/arduino-dark-theme/blob/master/screenshots/arduino_dark_theme_on_windows_10.PNG)

Commit message:

Updated instructions for Windows users

README.md, after:

# Arduino dark theme

* Uses Arduino **built-in theme mechanism**
* SVG icons

## Install

Download https://github.com/taunoe/arduino-dark-theme/raw/master/tauno-dark-theme.zip

Find your Arduino **Sketchbook location**: Arduino IDE > File > Preferences

![Arduino Sketchbook location](https://github.com/taunoe/arduino-dark-theme/blob/master/screenshots/arduino_preference_red.png)

In my case /home/tauno/Arduino (on a Mac) or on windows this would be typically be as a sub-folder of  your "documents" folder at %HOMEDRIVE%%HOMEPATH%\Documents\Arduino

Go to that location and make new folder **theme**

In my case /home/tauno/Arduino/theme or as an example on Windows C:\Users\Tauno\Documents\Arduino\Theme

Copy downloaded **tauno-dark-theme.zip** to theme folder.

Open Arduino IDE > File > Preferences and select new theme:

![Arduino Sketchbook location](https://github.com/taunoe/arduino-dark-theme/blob/master/screenshots/theme-selection.png)

Restart Arduino IDE and have fun.

## Screenshots

I have changed UI colors, icons and syntax color.

Ubuntu 18.04

![Arduino dark theme on Ubuntu 18.04](https://github.com/taunoe/arduino-dark-theme/blob/master/screenshots/arduino%20dark%20theme%20on%20ubuntu%2018.04.png)

Ubuntu 18.10

![Arduino dark theme on Ubuntu 18.10](https://github.com/taunoe/arduino-dark-theme/blob/master/screenshots/arduino_dark_theme_on_ubuntu_18.10.png)

Windows 10

![Arduino dark theme on Windows 10](https://github.com/taunoe/arduino-dark-theme/blob/master/screenshots/arduino_dark_theme_on_windows_10.PNG)
